a greeting from the friends of giza in fact
and we have a small exclusive for you
you
in fact in the games we have
previously presented the video of
two products presented to this piece of furniture
world congress has allowed us to
get a private meeting at the
own conference room to test with
hand and smartphone device voted to
now v3 gaming the word a
mauro who will exhibit his first
impressions after testing this
device friends digit china
I give you a little hello then too
what you see in mine
hands is the w 3d is a device clearly
very uncommon compared to those who
we are used to seeing why
clearly designed for gaming then
the form factor in hand I thought
honestly it was both heavier and
more inconvenient I must be honest instead
actually owned by the first psp
I can tell you that more or less the size
these are also the conception
in short, the position of the pad keys
clearly not the same though
we are more or less there then this is the
menu is a custom menu exists
this is the operating system
now
forgive consider that if something
maybe it will not go will not be right
immediate is because it is really a
very first contact
the main screen looks a lot to me
very well prone to well organized
reminds me a lot of what i am and
itv box android for example then with
all the tiles all clearly visible well of
first access then okay clearly
being a smartphone anyway
we have the function of the phone then
we have everything about the
address book contacts etc.
now let's see the back side for a moment
unfortunately they remain in plastic
attach fingerprints
let's say it's a plastic
yes let's say more practically smooth here
we have the camera and the speaker
there are two system speakers
stereo above we have some of the keys
here l1 l2 r1 r2 r1 r2 excuse the button
ignition and volume its volume down
these are precisely the games is like
having a joypad in your hand basically
but now we can also try a first one
gaming session we already have a
open video game and we can of
show you how fluidity anyway
it looks pretty pretty high
now forgive my inability in
this videogame was not the least idea
which video the video game is neither
much less what I will be obliged to
I imagine I have to follow this
sideswipe
fluidity and is very high
does not even seem to overheat in
no way considering that anyway
being a device designed just for the
gaming is possible that it may also
overheat currently present
in the back I can't hear the
minimum on heating
the touch anfield also of the keys and of the
two pads is very very nice they are
quite comfortable
the run is rather short of the keys
that I'm pressing right now and
the directional arrows that are also
among other things backlit also have
to be a good taj finally here and maybe
perhaps they are perhaps a little bit
plastic like arrows but it seems to me
very very very nice
I would say that for this very first
exclusive this very first contact with
this gaming smartphone we can
greet you and we can tell you that everything is
we want to thank snail again
games for hosting us so
private in your conference room
See you soon